Documentation refactoring (#32)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/cluster_agent_setup.md

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog-agent
spec:
  # Credentials to communicate between:
  #  * Agents and Datadog (API/APP key)
  #  * Node Agent and Cluster Agent (Token)
  credentials:
    apiKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
    appKey: <DATADOG_APP_KEY>
    token: <DATADOG_CLUSTER_AGENT_TOKEN>

  # Node Agent configuration
  agent:
    image:
      name: 'datadog/agent:latest'
    config:
      tolerations:
        - operator: Exists

  # Cluster Agent configuration
  clusterAgent:
    image:
      name: 'datadog/cluster-agent:latest'
    config:
      metricsProviderEnabled: true
      clusterChecksEnabled: true
    replicas: 2
```

**Note**: `<DATADOG_CLUSTER_AGENT_TOKEN>` is a custom 32 characters long token that you can defined, if omited, a random one is generated automatically.

Then apply it with:

```shell
$ kubectl apply -n $DD_NAMESPACE -f datadog-agent-with-clusteragent.yaml
datadogagent.datadoghq.com/datadog-agent configured
```

Verify that the Agent and Cluster Agent are correctly running:

```shell
$ kubectl get -n $DD_NAMESPACE dd datadog-agent
NAME            ACTIVE   AGENT     CLUSTER-AGENT   AGE

> datadog-agent   True     Running   Running         15m22s

Reviewer: We updated this, `kubectl get -n $DD_NAMESPACE dd datadog-agent` shows current state (Progressing, Running , Updating , Failed) with the values in the tuple representing (Requested / Ready / Uptodate)

```
NAME            ACTIVE   AGENT             CLUSTER-AGENT     CLUSTER-CHECKS-RUNNER   AGE
datadog-agent   True     Running (2/2/2)   Running (2/2/2)                           6m
```

# Cluster Agent

> To deploy the Cluster Agent along with the Agent update the current `DatadogAgent` resource with the [`datadog-agent-with-clusteragent.yaml` file][1]:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy the Cluster Agent along with the Agent, update the current `DatadogAgent` resource with the [`datadog-agent-with-clusteragent.yaml` file][1]:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog-agent
spec:
  # Credentials to communicate between:
  #  * Agents and Datadog (API/APP key)
  #  * Node Agent and Cluster Agent (Token)
  credentials:
    apiKey: "<DATADOG_API_KEY>"
    appKey: "<DATADOG_APP_KEY>"
    token: "<DATADOG_CLUSTER_AGENT_TOKEN>"

  # Node Agent configuration
  agent:
    image:
      name: "datadog/agent:latest"
    config:
      tolerations:
        - operator: Exists

  # Cluster Agent configuration
  clusterAgent:
    image:
      name: "datadog/cluster-agent:latest"
    config:
      metricsProviderEnabled: true
      clusterChecksEnabled: true
    replicas: 2
```

> **Note**: `<DATADOG_CLUSTER_AGENT_TOKEN>` is a custom 32 characters long token that you can defined, if omited, a random one is generated automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: `<DATADOG_CLUSTER_AGENT_TOKEN>` is a custom 32 characters long token that you can define. If it is omitted, a random one is generated automatically.
```
